
1node
You wake up, yet again, but this time you have a different feeling. You look around and you are in a hospital room, a bunch of cables are connected to your body. 
Your instincts kick in and you disconnect all the cables and go to the door. What will happen this time?
no enemy
As you open the door there is an aisle full of rooms. Where do you go?
- Go to the reception computers
- Go to the control room (security cameras)

2node
You decide to go look at the computers of the reception. 
As you aproach the computer the nurse that works there caughts you and tries to stop you.
Nurse: (needle, punch, cable, knife)
Looking at the computer you see a list of name in which you see the name of your best friend, but you also see the room where a reunion is happening. What are you going to do?
- Go at your friends room
- Go at the reunion to find out why are you there

3node
You enter the control room which is full of screens of the whole place.
You start to look but the security guard that is there sees you and wants to kick you out.
Security guard: (punch, knife, heals it self, ...)
Now you have the room to yourself, as you look through the different cameras, you see your best firend in a room conected as you were, and a room with files and fotos. What do you do?
- Go to your best friends room 
- Go to the investigation room

4node
You enter to the room where your friend is, he is conected to a lot of cables, just like you where. All this cables are connected to screen where you can see the medieval world that you where a while ago.
You disconect him, and he starts to wake up.
No enemy
You explain him the situation that you are in, but now you can't stay in that room for long or someone will discover you. What do you do?
- Go investigate what they are doing in that hospital?
- Leave the buling and try to investigate from outside

5node
You arrive to the reunion room, it seems to be empty, however there are a lot of files and fotos at the table.
While you are going to grab the files someone grabs you and throws you to the ground. This person is wearing a white coat and looks bigger than a normal person
white coat: ()
Now you can look through the files and fotos and you discover that they have been experimenting on animals with the resources that they have been taking from you and all the other subjects while you where at the simulation. What do you do now?
- Look for the monkey that has allready been modified to have more proof.
- Take the files and try to free the animals that haven allready been modified.

6node
You go to the investigation room, it seems to be empty, however there are a lot of files and fotos at the table.
While you are going to grab the files someone grabs you and throws you to the ground. This person is wearing a white coat and looks bigger than a normal person
white coat: ()
Now you can look through the files, you see that they have been experimenting on how to improve people thanks to all the information and resources that they got from you and all the subjects in the simulations. What do you do ?
- Wake the other subjects from their simulations
- Go look for the subject they have been trying to improve

7node
You enter to the room where your friend is, he is conected to a lot of cables, just like you where. All this cables are connected to screen where you can see the medieval world that you where a while ago.
You disconect him, and he starts to wake up.
No enemy
You explain him the situation that you are in, but now you can't stay in that room for long or someone will discover you. What do you do?
-
-

8node
You are investigating in the hospital, suddenly you see a table full of files and fotos.
While you are going to grab the files someone grabs you and throws you to the ground. He looks bigger than any person and his eyes are red.
Crazy scientist: ()
Now you can look through the files, you see that they have been experimenting on how to improve people thanks to all the information and resources that they got from you and all the subjects in the simulations. You connect the ideas and realise that the scientist that you just fought had injected those discover What do you do ?
- Go to the police 
- Get out and publish everything to social media

9node


